Add documentation for `ClientFactoryBuilder` (#3289)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/docs/client-factory-builder.mdx

# Customizing a `ClientFactory` with `ClientFactoryBuilder`

A <type://ClientFactory> manages connections and protocol-specific properties.
You can customize the properties via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder>. For example,
let's say that you want to increase the connection timeout.

```java
final ClientFactory factory =
                ClientFactory.builder()
                             // Increase the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                             .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                             .build());

> final WebClient client = WebClient.builder("http://armeria.com")

Reviewer: nit: ? 🤣
```suggestion
final WebClient client = WebClient.builder("https://armeria.dev")
```

You can also specify Netty [`ChannelOption`](https://netty.io/4.1/api/io/netty/channel/ChannelOption.html)
via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#channelOption(ChannelOption,T)>:

```java
final ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     // Set the size of send socket buffer as 4096 bytes
                     .channelOption(ChannelOption.SO_SNDBUF, 4096)
                     .build();
WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();
```

## Specifying different `EventLoop` threads for different endpoints

By default, Armeria keeps at most 1 connection per endpoint (host and port pair) when using HTTP/2,
which is desirable for typical HTTP/2 services. Armeria achieves this by assigning one `EventLoop` per endpoint
from the <type://ServerConfig#workerGroup()>. However, there's a limit to the requests that
a single connection(or `EventLoop` which is a thread) can handle, so you might want to increase
the number of connections(or `EventLoop` threads) for certain or all endpoints.

You can do this via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint(int)>:

```java
ClientFactory factory =
         ClientFactory.builder()

>                       // A client will use maximum 5 EventLoops from the worker group per endpoint

Reviewer: nit: This line looks a bit long to render in the code block. Could you check it locally?

}

try (ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     // or you can just use Integer.MAX_VALUE to use all EventLoops
                     .maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint(Integer.MAX_VALUE)
                     .build()) {
    // Do something using factory
}
```

The client might need to send many requests to a certain endpoint, while not bothering other endpoints.
In that situation, you can use <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsFunction(ToIntFunction)>:

```java
try (ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     .maxNumEventLoopsFunction(endpoint -> {
                         if (endpoint.equals(Endpoint.of("lotsOfTraffic.com"))) {
                         // We are going to use all EventLoops to send reqeusts.
                             return Integer.MAX_VALUE;
                         }
                         // We use just one `EventLoop` per endpoint for the rest.
                         return 1;
                     })
                     .build()) {
    // Do something using factory
}
```

If HTTP/1.1 is used, the client can establish many connections even though only one EventLoop is used.

> It is because of the nature that a client can send only one request at a time using HTTP/1.1 connection.

Reviewer: ... using HTTP/1.1 connection, if `<type://ClientFactoryBuilder#useHttp1Pipelining()>` is not enabled. ?

You can increase the number of `EventLoop` threads per HTTP/1.1 endpoint to distribute the load
via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsPerHttp1Endpoint(int)>.

## Customizing TLS

You can configure the TLS settings of your client connection
with <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#tlsCustomizer(Consumer)>. For example, you could specify a different
CA certificate chain, configure TLS or enforce certain cipher suites.

```java
final String resourceRoot = "/path/to/resourceRoot";

> final String privateKeyPath = "private/keyPath";

Reviewer: `resourceRoot + privateKeyPath` will be `"/path/to/resourceRootprivate/keyPath"`.

```
final String resourceRoot = "/path/to/resource/";
```
and inline `privateKeyPath` for consistency?
```java
getClass().getResourceAsStream(resourceRoot + "private.key"))
```

# Building a client using ClientFactoryBuilder

A <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> is a builder class that enables you to create a client factory
which is able to customize various parameters. For example, some people want to make longer connection timeout.
If so, the builder provides connectTimeoutMillis to change from the default value to what you want to change.

You can simply create <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> as following example:

```java
final ClientFactory factory =
          ClientFactory.builder()
                       // Set the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                       .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                       // Disable certificate verification; never do this in production!
                       .tlsNoVerify()

>                        .build();

Reviewer: It would be better if we add:
- Use try-with-resource so that users learn that a `ClientFactory` should be closed to prevent a leak.
- How to set the created `ClientFactory` using `WebClientBuilder` and `ClientBuilder`
- Add an example for `ClientFactoryOption`?

Author: It would be a good idea to make users implicitly enforce to implement in a safe manner.

with custom options. For example, you might need to use the `connectTimeoutMillis` method to adjust the
connection timeout of your clients.
If so, the <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> provides `connectTimeoutMillis` to change from the default value
to what you want to change.

```java
try (ClientFactory factory =
          ClientFactory.builder()
                       // Set the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                       .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                       .build()) {
   final WebClient client = WebClient.builder()
                                     .factory(factory)
                                     .build();
   // do something with web client
  }
```

As shown in the above example, you can specify a custom <type://ClientFactory> when building a client
via the <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#factory()> method.
The client created with the given <type://ClientFactory> will respect the settings such as connection timeout
as you defined.

## What options are available?

[See](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.linecorp.armeria/armeria-javadoc/latest/com/linecorp/armeria/client/ClientFactoryBuilder.html)

> API documentation <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> for the complete list of customizable options.

Author: Oh, yes right.

# Building a client using ClientFactoryBuilder

A <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> is a builder class that enables you to create a client factory
which is able to customize various parameters. For example, some people want to make longer connection timeout.
If so, the builder provides connectTimeoutMillis to change from the default value to what you want to change.

> You can simply create <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> as following example:

Author: Got it.

Let me remove this.

```java
try (ClientFactory factory =
          ClientFactory.builder()
                       // Set the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                       .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                       // Disable certificate verification; never do this in production!
                       .tlsNoVerify()
                       .build()) {
   final WebClient client = WebClient.builder()
                                     .factory(factory)
                                     .build();
   // do something with web client
  }
```

As above example, <type://WebClientBuilder> or <type://ClientBuilder> are able to use <type://ClientFactory>
which is created from <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> using method `factory`. The <type://ClientBuilder> instance
will use all parameters from the instance <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> that you defined.

## What are available parameters?

The parameters that are available in <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> keep changing and growing the total numbers.
It would be better for you to check latest version of API docs [here](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.linecorp.armeria/armeria-javadoc/latest/com/linecorp/armeria/client/ClientFactoryBuilder.html).

> ## Set parameters using Client Options

Author: If we could specify ClientOption using markdown as code-like, it would be grate.

> ## Set parameters using Client Options

Reviewer 2: We can use backquotes :-)

set a series of options programmatically.

## Lifecycle of `ClientFactory`

Most clients for a <type://ClientFactory> need to send requests to another server for the lifetime of a process.

> The fact is that when <type://ClientFactory> is closed for some reasons,

Reviewer 3: This is too much implementation detail for end user docs, hence my previous suggestion...

Author: Let me remove details

final EventLoopGroup customExcutorGroup = EventLoopGroups.newEventLoopGroup(2);
// define custom ClientFactoryOption

> final ClientFactoryOption<Boolean> fooOption = ClientFactoryOption.define("FOO", true);

Author: Sure, but curious, then why does `option` method capture this parameter ?

How about deprecating this one ? In some cases, this option is only option to apply ?

For unit tests where a <type://ClientFactory> is only used for a single test or test class,
it is appropriate to close it when done using it.

> It might be good suggestion keeping your <type://ClientFactory> lifecycle same as application's lifecycle.

Reviewer 4: Let's remove this line.

                          .option(ClientFactoryOptions.WORKER_GROUP, customExcutorGroup)
                          // set the custom factory option in builder
                          .option(fooOption, false)
                          .build()) {
    // options method will return options including fooOption
    factory.options();
    // do something with factory
}
```

## Netty specific Channel Options

You can also edit Netty <type://ChannelOption> using `ClientFactoryBuilder.channelOption` method. For example,
if you want to change the size of send socket buffer, you can edit the value as following:

```java
try (ClientFactory factory =
             ClientFactory.builder()
                          // Set the size of send socket buffer as 4096 bytes
                          .channelOption(ChannelOption.SO_SNDBUF, 4096)
                          .build()) {
    // do something with factory
}
```

## Setting different EventLoops for different endpoints

> To increase performance or capacity of a client, it could be possible that increasing the number of connections.

Reviewer 2: ```
By default, Armeria keeps at most 1 connection per endpoint (host and port pair), which is desirable
for typical HTTP/2 services. However, you might want to increase the number of connections for
certain or all endpoints.

...
```

> The <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> class has a feature to set the number of `EventLoop` threads using
> `maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint` and `maxNumEventLoopsFunction`. The former parameter will set the number of `EventLoop`
> threads for each endpoint (This parameter is used for HTTP/2.
> In HTTP/1, use `maxNumEventLoopsPerHttp1Endpoint` instead.).
> It indicates that if you change this value `N`,
> then Client instances that are generated by the factory will use distinct `EventLoop` threads per endpoint.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

```java
ClientFactory factory =
         ClientFactory.builder()
                      // a client will use maximum 5 EventLoops from the worker group per endpoint
                      .maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint(5)
                      .build();

> // Do something using factory

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();

ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     // or you can just use Integer.MAX_VALUE to use all EventLoops
                     .maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint(Integer.MAX_VALUE)
                     .build();

> // Do something using factory

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();

ClientFactory factory =
         ClientFactory.builder()
                      // a client will use maximum 5 EventLoops per HTTP/1.1 endpoint
                      .maxNumEventLoopsPerHttp1Endpoint(5)
                      .build();
```

```

> The client might need to send many requests to a certain endpoint, while not bothering other endpoints.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The client might need to send many requests to a certain endpoint, while sending small number of requests to others.
```
It's not bothering other endpoints at all. 😄  Just assigned more EventLoops than it needs.

Author: I see :)

In that situation, you can use <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsFunction(ToIntFunction)>:

```java
ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     .maxNumEventLoopsFunction(endpoint -> {
                         if (endpoint.equals(Endpoint.of("lotsOfTraffic.com"))) {
                             // We are going to use all EventLoops to send reqeusts.
                             return Integer.MAX_VALUE;
                         }
                         // We use just one `EventLoop` per endpoint for the rest.
                         return 1;
                     })
                     .build();

> // Do something using factory

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

`maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint` will be used. If you do not set this value, default value, which is 1 is used.

> ## Customize TLS

Reviewer 2: Customizing TLS

There might be possible that you need to use third-party CA to configure SSL connections.
To deal with it, <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> supports `tlsCustomizer` parameter. You need to add `Consumer`

> to cover customized ssl connections.

Reviewer 2: ```
You can configure the TLS settings of your client connection with 
<type://ClientFactory#tlsCustomizer(...)>. For example, you could specify a different
CA certificate chain, configure mTLS or enforce certain cipher suites.
```

For example, you could specify a different CA certificate chain or enforce certain cipher suites.

```java
final String resourceRoot = "/path/to/resource/";
ClientFactory builder =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     .tlsCustomizer(
                             sslCtxBuilder -> sslCtxBuilder.keyManager(
                                     getClass().getResourceAsStream(resourceRoot + "custom.crt"),
                                     getClass().getResourceAsStream(resourceRoot + "private.key"))
                     ).build();

> // Do something using factory

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

# Customizing a `ClientFactory` with `ClientFactoryBuilder`

A <type://ClientFactory> manages connections and protocol-specific properties.
You can customize the properties via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder>. For example,
let's say that you want to increase the connection timeout.

```java
final ClientFactory factory =
                ClientFactory.builder()
                             // Increase the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                             .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                             .build());
final WebClient client = WebClient.builder("http://armeria.com")
                                  .factory(factory)
                                  .build();
client.get("/api").aggregate().join();
```

> The client created with the given <type://ClientFactory> will respect the settings such as connection timeout
> as you defined.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The client created with the given <type://ClientFactory> will respect settings, such as connection timeout
that you defined.
```

You might notice that the clients, which are created using the same <type://ClientFactory>,

> share the connection pool. If you don't want to share the connections among the clients,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
share the share connection pool. If you don't want to share the connections among the clients,
```

Author: I think we can leave this as it is. Readers can understand the clients spawned by `ClientFactory` share one connection pool.

Perhaps, one connection pool would better rather than the connection pool?

Reviewer 3: sorry this was a typo 😅 meant `same`

Reviewer 3: Otherwise `a` or `one` are also fine, this was just a small grammar point

you should use different <typeplural://ClientFactory>.
For the complete list of properties, see <type://ClientFactoryBuilder>.

<Tip>

  You might want to take a look at <type://ClientBuilder> to distinguish the client-specific properties.

</Tip>

You can also use <type://ClientFactoryOptions> to build <type://ClientFactory>.
It's more verbose than calling a dedicated setter method, but it can be useful when you need to
set a series of options programmatically.

## Lifecycle of `ClientFactory`

> Most clients from <type://ClientFactory> usually take an important role such as communicating with opposite side.
> Unless <type://ClientFactory> created clients for testing purpose, you might want to maintain the clients until
> completing their responsibilities.
> A <type://ClientFactory> manages a connection pool or `Eventloop`, which is created by the factory.
> If a <type://ClientFactory> is closed for some reasons, clients, which were spawned from the <type://ClientFactory>,
> will also be closed.
> Because of this nature, you might need to be careful not to close any client's connections by mistakes.
> Therefore, it would be better keep your <type://ClientFactory> lifecycle same as application's lifecycle.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Most clients for a <type://ClientFactory> need to send requests to another server for the lifetime of a process.
Therefore, you will generally avoid closing the <type://ClientFactory>, except for perhaps in a shutdown hook,
to avoid losing connections to the other servers.

For unit tests where a <type://ClientFactory> is only used for a single test or test class, it is appropriate to close
it when done using it.
```

## Specifying Netty `ChannelOption`s

You can also specify Netty [`ChannelOption`](https://netty.io/4.1/api/io/netty/channel/ChannelOption.html)
via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#channelOption(ChannelOption,T)>:

```java
final ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     // Set the size of send socket buffer as 4096 bytes
                     .channelOption(ChannelOption.SO_SNDBUF, 4096)
                     .build();
// Do something with factory
WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();
```

## Specifying different `EventLoop` threads for different endpoints

> By default, Armeria keeps at most 1 connection per endpoint (host and port pair) in case of using HTTP/2,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, Armeria keeps at most 1 connection per endpoint (host and port pair) when using HTTP/2,
```

which is desirable for typical HTTP/2 services. Armeria achieves this by assigning one `EventLoop` per endpoint
from the <type://ServerConfig#workerGroup()>. However, there's a limit to the requests that
a single connection(or `EventLoop` which is a thread) can handle, so you might want to increase
the number of connections(or `EventLoop` threads) for certain or all endpoints.

You can do this via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint(int)>:

The <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> class has a feature to set the number of `EventLoop` threads using
`maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint` and `maxNumEventLoopsFunction`. The former parameter will set the number of `EventLoop`

> threads for each endpoint (This parameter is used for HTTP/2. If you want to articulate this feature in HTTP/1,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
threads for each endpoint (This parameter is used for HTTP/2. For HTTP/1,
```

ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     // or you can just use Integer.MAX_VALUE to use all EventLoops
                     .maxNumEventLoopsPerEndpoint(Integer.MAX_VALUE)
                     .build();
// Do something using factory
WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();
```

The client might need to send many requests to a certain endpoint, while not bothering other endpoints.
In that situation, you can use <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsFunction(ToIntFunction)>:

```java
ClientFactory factory =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     .maxNumEventLoopsFunction(endpoint -> {
                         if (endpoint.equals(Endpoint.of("lotsOfTraffic.com"))) {
                             // We are going to use all EventLoops to send reqeusts.
                             return Integer.MAX_VALUE;
                         }
                         // We use just one `EventLoop` per endpoint for the rest.
                         return 1;
                     })
                     .build();
// Do something using factory
WebClient.builder().factory(factory).build();
```

> If HTTP/1.1 is used, the client can establish many connections even though only one EventLoop is used.
> It is because of the nature that a client can send only one request at a time using HTTP/1.1 connection,
> if <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#useHttp1Pipelining()> is not enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If HTTP/1.1 is used, the client will establish a connection for each request even though only one EventLoop is used.
```

Recommend not mentioning pipelining since it's generally not a good idea and could be confusing.

> You can increase the number of `EventLoop` threads per HTTP/1.1 endpoint to distribute the load

Reviewer 3: Wasn't the default for HTTP/1 to distribute connections among event loops?

Author: If I understand inside of armeria correctly, one common event loop will handle connections unless user specify the event loop.

Therefore, it would be a choice to distribute the load by increasing the number of threads in event loop.

Reviewer 4: Ah, I forgot to leave a comment. 😅 
Yeah, 1 is the default even for HTTP/1.1.

Author: So, it might be reasonable to delete this block :)

Let me delete them.

via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#maxNumEventLoopsPerHttp1Endpoint(int)>.

## Customizing TLS

You can configure the TLS settings of your client connection
with <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#tlsCustomizer(Consumer)>. For example, you could specify a different

> CA certificate chain, configure TLS or enforce certain cipher suites.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CA certificate chain or enforce certain cipher suites.
```

```java
final String resourceRoot = "/path/to/resource/";
ClientFactory builder =
        ClientFactory.builder()
                     .tlsCustomizer(
                             sslCtxBuilder -> sslCtxBuilder.keyManager(
                                     getClass().getResourceAsStream(resourceRoot + "custom.crt"),
                                     getClass().getResourceAsStream(resourceRoot + "private.key"))
                     ).build();

> // Dom something using factory

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// Do something using factory
```

> # Building a client using `ClientFactoryBuilder`

Reviewer 2: How about:

`Customizing a ClientFactory with ClientFacotoryBuilder` 

..?

A <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> is a builder class that enables you to create a <type://ClientFactory>
with custom options. For example, you might need to use the `connectTimeoutMillis` method to adjust the

> connection timeout of your clients.

Reviewer 4: How about:
```
A <type://ClientFactory> manages connections and protocol-specific properties.
You can customize the properties via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder>. For example,
let's say that you want to increase the connection timeout.
```

```java

> try (ClientFactory factory =

Reviewer 4: How about removing try-with-resources because the factory shouldn't be closed until the client finishes sending/receiving requests/responses.

Author: This comment conflicts with [this comment](https://github.com/line/armeria/pull/3289#discussion_r559118603) from @ikhoon.

I think we need to decide which practice is more important than another comment. IMO, both opinions (try-with-resource to collect unnecessary resources and should not close until the client finishes its job) are crucial.

How about this? code example applies one opinion and left comment in above/below paragraph for another opinion ?

Reviewer 4: Oops, I didn't see that comment. 😄 
I guess it's fine to use try-with-resources, then.
Let's just make sure to use `aggregate()` in the `try-with-resources` block.
Because if it's not aggregated, the request will be canceled right away. 😄 

Also, how about adding a section about the lifecycle of a factory? (e.g. A factory manages a connection pool and event loops so it should be closed after it's ...)?

Reviewer 3: Recommend not using try/resources here since it's extremely rare to use it in real code, so it negatively effects the copy-pastability of this snippet.

Reviewer: Yeah, a life cycle of a ClientFactory usually goes with an application's life cycle. 👍
It'd be better to remove try-with-resource in this example.

Author: Feel free to have a comment on https://github.com/line/armeria/pull/3289/commits/9f1a0f91e4508449ec655d6cd8cda188909eeadb :)

Author: Maybe you are more familiar than me on this context, or maybe I am poor at writing 😂

          ClientFactory.builder()
                       // Set the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                       .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                       .build()) {
   final WebClient client = WebClient.builder()
                                     .factory(factory)
                                     .build();

>    // do something with web client

Reviewer 4: How about adding the code that sending a request?
```java
... WebClient.builder("http://armeria.com") ...
client.get("/api").aggregate().join()
```

  }
```

As shown in the above example, you can specify a custom <type://ClientFactory> when building a client
via the <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#factory()> method.
The client created with the given <type://ClientFactory> will respect the settings such as connection timeout

> as you defined.

Reviewer 4: How about removing these two sentence and adding:
```
You might notice that the clients, which are created using the same <type://ClientFactory>,
share the connection pool. If you don't want to share the connections among clients,
you should use different <typeplural://ClientFactory>.
For the complete list of properties, see <type://ClientFactoryBuilder>.

<tip>

You might want to take a look at <type://ClientBuilder> to distinguish the client-specific properties.

</tip>
```

> ## What options are available?

Reviewer 4: I think we can remove this section. 😄

> API documentation <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> for the complete list of customizable options.

Reviewer 2: API documentation -> See

> ## Setting options with `ClientOption`

Reviewer 4: It's `ClientFactoryOption` 😄

Author: Oops o.0!

> ## Setting options with `ClientOption`

Reviewer 4: How about removing this section and just introducing `ClientFactoryOptions`?
```
You might want to create another <type://ClientFactory> that has most of the same properties from the <type://ClientFactory> you just built, but only a few are different. In that case,
you can use <type://ClientFactoryOptions>
```

Author: I think describing `ClientFactoryOptions` in previous section is good idea (it is too verbose), let me utilize/re-use existing paragraph.

You can customize a <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> using a <type://ClientFactoryOption> as well.
It's more verbose than calling a dedicated setter method, but it can be useful when you need to
set a series of options programmatically:

```java
final EventLoopGroup customExcutorGroup = EventLoopGroups.newEventLoopGroup(2);
try (ClientFactory factory =
             ClientFactory.builder()
                          // define a new event loop worker group to execute logic from the builder
                          .option(ClientFactoryOptions.WORKER_GROUP, customExcutorGroup)
                          .build()) {
    // options method will return options that used in your builder
    factory.options();
    // do something with factory
}
```

## Specifying Netty `ChannelOption`s

You can also specify Netty [`ChannelOption`](https://netty.io/4.1/api/io/netty/channel/ChannelOption.html)

> with <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#channelOption()> method:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
via <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#channelOption()>:
```

> # Building a client using ClientFactoryBuilder

Reviewer 2: How about merging this document into the subsections in `client-basics`?

Author: I think merging this document into the basic part would make too long document to read. Furthermore, I suppose basic document needs to be proper length for beginner.

Also, current length is a bit long and the content itself is not proper for basics.

which is able to customize various parameters. For example, some people want to make longer connection timeout.
If so, the builder provides connectTimeoutMillis to change from the default value to what you want to change.

You can simply create <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> as following example:

```java
try (ClientFactory factory =
          ClientFactory.builder()
                       // Set the connection timeout to 5 seconds.
                       .connectTimeoutMillis(5000)
                       // Disable certificate verification; never do this in production!
                       .tlsNoVerify()
                       .build()) {
   final WebClient client = WebClient.builder()
                                     .factory(factory)
                                     .build();
   // do something with web client
  }
```

As above example, <type://WebClientBuilder> or <type://ClientBuilder> are able to use <type://ClientFactory>
which is created from <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> using method `factory`. The <type://ClientBuilder> instance
will use all parameters from the instance <type://ClientFactoryBuilder> that you defined.

> ## What are available parameters?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we can maintain this well. How about just hyperlinking to `ClientFactoryBuilder` Javadoc so that a user can refer to the complete list of options?

Author: Yeah, that would be a good idea. I will replace the table as a link.
